Yes, sir.
And you called on Senator DeFart out of the office.
I think that was on the night.
Yes, sir.
Now then, if you'd not for me particularly asked you what you may have discussed with Mr.
McCuff, except the direct testimony shows that you went into the air and the instance of
the death of the Attorney General, Mr. Ratton, and Mr. Ratton, that is good.
There are 26 members of the law enforcement that are in the same state.
There are, or there were, or that the extension is under the number of the law enforcement.
That is coming.
Yes.
There's a recall of our 19 year old, the division's seven of the Mara County Office.
And that's probably so.
I have a little here.
I dropped for, uh, eight December, 1953.
In any case, there are 26 members of the law enforcement.
So that's 19 or a particular set of the law enforcement.
Are these the videos of the law enforcement, the law enforcement, the whole law enforcement
fire administration?
Well, I think that I think most of the Mara County's over there has been in the civil service
sometimes.
So it's a fair assumption that they have an in government for quite some time.
Yes, I don't have any back means to sign, but I think all of them.
Now, Mr. Ratton, the law enforcement operation on the channel basis, they get a few of the time
to sit on a given number of cases.
That's the right question.
And in the testimony on the 19th of January, when you were created before the committee,
it was in November that certain members of the law enforcement were going to be summoned.
That's your answer.
Among them, although he's not on the board, General Michael, there's a list of these companies
that are if you recall.
I think the name of Michael, there's a work offered to me.
I'm not sure.
I have a name that they wanted to have a full and successful number of the ones who are here
at the next few days in the kitchen.
And it was indicated by the chairman of the General Haudier of the Jordan B. Schultz.
The indication came from the kind of artist's court.
The record also shows that Mr. Malcolm's two rooms with the Gordon B. Schultz
and Dr. Wright's was where I would recall, according to the executive hearing on January 19,
the same day that you called on Thomas M. Buck.
Yes, sir.
So you have the session with...
The look with the committee in the afternoon.
And at six o'clock on that day, you went to discuss something with Thomas McCullough
after he incident to the death of the attorney general.
Yes, sir.
On the 22nd of January, you came to my office.
About what time of the day it was.
It was about 5'45 in the afternoon.
And you came with some other persons.
Mr. Gerald Morgan, Mr. Gerald Morgan, any directs.
Now the person who's the problem in this testify us to the discussion that's placed about R.M.
will be somebody who was there at the time, with that he's correct, one of the persons.
And you would agree that it is the responsibility of a member of this committee
if he has some special knowledge that would have a bearing upon the issue.
That he ought to testify to that section.
I agree, yes, sir.
Now in a high thing, Mr. Adams, we offer action to the stand-by star.
Mr. William, Mr. Committee.
I was there at the chairman who has got the council.
That he asked me one half of the money off from the 22nd of January.
And we now interrupt you, and I would like to tell you.
Here, Justin, you haveings and directs.
We're out of this time to share his numbers.
And he's going to be.
Well, before I go to the ceremony, I'm going on my return to our studio.
I'm going to return to our studio to help the country to permit our stations to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
An important message from Senator Smatters about the Miami Star 8.
This picture shows what a few courageous citizens, honest politicians,
and just alert police agencies can do to rid their cities of gang-rans in Florence.
See the Miami Star 8? Now the panel's there at times with us.
Modern hospitality calls for light refreshments.
All of us, you got a cotton occasion with your guest.
We're fresh without feeling.
As a member of the director, Senator, I would ask you,
under it, when the question starts to be made,
is ever as a leader.
We have all heard your examination of the stratum
with respect to a conference in your office about 5.45 at the end of January 22nd,
in 1954, at which time, you, Mr. Adams and Mr. Markin were present.
Is that correct, Senator?
Was anyone else present on that occasion?
No, sir.
I will ask you now, Senator Dirkson, to tell the committee
what plans are on that occasion and the conversation in full.
Mr. Chairman, by way of preliminary investigation
for the benefit of the record and for those who may be watching this procedure.
That there arrived at my office about 25 and with letters and telegrams today.
Some of them are so engemored and so abusive and so unrestrained
that my office force is afraid they might affect my finer sensibilities
and they don't even show them to me.
It would occur from an examination of this uploading of mail
that I have been charged with the belligerently partial on one side or on the other.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have seen that my duty to tell what I know about this matter
and what I have to say relates entirely to this question
of the issuance of the cleaners for members of the loyal devoid.
My generally familiar with the operation of the board is complexive
and I know from my examination of the transcripts of the executive testimony on January 19th
what transpired and who was to be summoned and generally watched.
But Mr. Chairman, I was not honored by any visit with respect to the shine matters
until the afternoon of January 19th, 1950.
Frankly, I knew nothing about the incubation of this controversy
or that it had become a prescient or that there was such a controversy as a matter of fact.
And so in the afternoon there came to my office Mr. Adam and Mr. Geryl Morgan.
I have known Mr. Geryl Morgan for a long time.
He was a member of the legislative council staff in the House of Representatives
when I served there and I have seen him as Mr. Chairman as a friend.
I think he is a fine citizen and a brilliant lawyer and a very few legislative threats.
And so I want nothing to reflect upon Mr. Morgan.
If he is a friend then I can only assume that he was contacted for the purpose of bringing Mr. Adam to my office.
I know the reason why Mr. Adam shouldn't have come on his own.
I have been a member of this company for a long time.
My door is always open and it does require the intervention of anybody to influence my conduct
or my behavior or my guts.
I don't say it was done for that purpose.
But that was the first time that I had ever been honored by a visit from Mr. Adam.
Now, for spending the time that he appears that his controversy was in a development stage
for a period of nearly two and a half months.
The question came up with Mr. Chairman about the suffice.
Which were the issues for certain members of the lawyers as I recall from the testimony
before the executive session of the committee on the 19th of January,
only of the five members of the lawyer to go out and whether it be summoned at that time and in addition.
General Reichelgurth there was to be summoned with respect to an individual asked for it.
It serves no purpose for me to come in upon those admins.
But frankly as I reconstruct the conversation in my office on that afternoon,
Mr. Adam came to my office for the purpose of enlisting my hearing.
Of enlisting my influence to kill those subpoenas and the sculptors.
I can place no other instructions.
I can place no other interpretation among that action.
And in pursuance of that, wanting to do what I thought was the right thing,
being interested in the Army and in the maintenance of this morale,
I promptly called my call of the committee and I could not get it.
Because it was evidently too late.
I went to my office early the next morning because I was early agitated about it.
And I should go back for a moment to say that in connection with the deficit of those subpoenas,
that is the first time Mr. Chairman that I heard about the cone shine contest.
I knew nothing about it after that time that I can recall.
But that matter came up and it came in the form of a hearing.
And it disturbed me so greatly that I went to my office early the next morning
to make sure that I would get a hold of Mr. Car.
Before any action might have been taken upon those defeats.
I think Mr. Car may have monitored my conversation.
And may I say for the record, Mr. Chairman, I never monitored telephone conversation.
I speak entirely from memory. I have no dire.
I have no no to refresh my recollection.
What I say to the committee, I say, a holy on the basis of what recurs to me
with respect to that conversation and what ensues there is.
The next morning I got a hold of Mr. Car.
I expressed to him my dismissive spirit.
And I said, simply Mr. Car, I trust that if the subpoenas have not been issued,
that you'll hold them because it's my understanding that the chairman is out of town.
The chairman was in fact out of town and if I recall correctly and he can correct directly
if this is not right.
I believe the night before he had been in the chisaro Illinois to make speech.
But at 11 o'clock that morning he called me and over the telephone to hear my express my rage is just as bitter.
I said, Mr. Car, I trust that no one for it will be assisted at action will be taken
with respect to these subpoenas until we can have a discussion.
And it was arranged then and there over the telephone that we immediately thought it was at 2 o'clock that afternoon.
I still saw a memory Mr. Chavez but he runs the Marinerne.
It's a session in Senator McCarthy's office that afternoon.
There was President Senator Parfax.
I was president.
I'm not sure that Mr. Chavez and I think you were president and Senator McCarthy was president.
I opened the conversation and I said, Mr. Chavez, I am greatly distressed over what I learned
yesterday afternoon in my office.
But here are some allegations that may have some effect upon the ultimate credibility and the effectiveness of this committee in the future.
It is an important instrument of government in targeting out subversion and communism.
And if it credibility is impeached or if it's destroyed, we must take traditional notice of this matter that came in my attention yesterday afternoon.
And I said, Mr. Chavez, if Chuck was revealed to me in my office yesterday afternoon is correct, I think Roy Cole ought to be fired, self-wift.
And I think every member of the committee will bear me out.
I think I said on that occasion, is if this thing goes in that direction and it becomes something of a public scandal,
that maybe we also recommend to the Department of Defense and Mr. Adams be fired along with it.
That session continues for a past hour and a half and we went into a pretty thorough.
And so that's the jumping off thing.
But I just leave it at the end.
That Mr. Adams came for my office on the afternoon to evaluate twenty seconds.
For the purpose of enlisting my interests and my influence is possible to at least extend the issuance of those subpoenas for members of the Royal Labor.
I am perhaps the killed.
I was not sure about the legal premises that were involved at the time because I have went into that matter later as to whether or not they could be rightly something.
But I should say that I was familiar with the fact that in the hearing on January 19th,
Richard certainly did not limit himself to questions concerning the actions of the Royal Labor already and reversing the decisions of lower-loyal labor,
or reinstating people who had been found guilty of this law, the by-law of the Lord,
because I think the transcript will indicate that there were some questions of rest and some questions of corruption that he intended to raise.
So it wasn't clear strictly whether the members were going to be summoned only for the purpose of investigating and exploring the actions that they may have taken in their review of the actions of lower-loyal labor.
But I can only say on the basis of conversation that Mr. Adams came to my office to see what I might be able to do in order to defer detention from the subpoenas
and probably stop their issue. Periods, that's all I've done to say.
Council, any questions?
Chairman, that very full restraint and a pan-be-complete statement of Senator Dirtian requires no cross-examination as far as I am concerned.
Chair has only one question you would like to inquire of Senator Dirtian on the occasion of the visit to your office by Mr. Adams and Mr. Morgan.
Primarily from the standpoint of trying to, as you say, avert the calling of members of the Royal Labor before our committee.
How did a discussion of China and coal get into that conversation?
Mr. Adams, Mr. Morgan, why would you run?
Frankly, I don't know nothing about the coal-sharing counter-versa, until it was brought up at that time and as I recall, it was first alluded to by Mr. Adams.
It might have been by Mr. Morgan, but I think it was Mr. Adams.
Senator McArge, no question.
As the June, the Senator has done for himself, there was a sort of, then there's no question.
No question. Senator White, action.
Senator Simonton.
Mr. Wells, no question.
Senator McCarty.
Senator, you're a very serious person.
Mr. Adams, kind of something, and to you, it was quite as you'd been involved with the car and told him that Mr. Adams had either kind of indicated.
But if the proponents were not killed, that same issue of reports brought Mr. Cohn to be embarrassing, so it's not the same.
May I say that my recollection is slightly vague on that point?
Am I not sure that it was said that a report was going to be circulated, yet my demeanor.
But I know what my own agitation of spirit was at the time when I first heard it, and I thought if such a report were going to be issued and ventilated on the front pages, that it would seriously reflect upon the credibility of this committee and its usefulness in the future.
And had it not been for that, Mr. Chairman, I certainly would have made no end to every contact with the car that night, and I wouldn't have gone to my office three quarters of an hour earlier than this morning, in fact, I think I got there at eight o'clock.
And my first business with the contact with the car, to make sure that I ascertain what the status of the prospective superior is worth.
I have this may be a particular sound, but let me ask you this, that we have this absolutely clear in the record.
You had the doing from what was said that, gives these subpoenas for a kill, that no report about Mr. Cohn would be made public, if they were not killed, then there would be reports alleging Mr. Cohn that Mr. Cohn was part of the public.
I'm not sure that I came to any conclusion on that point at the time, but I will say this, because this was the first time that a question of stopping the subpoenas was coupled with the coal shine story as it came to me and it was the first item.
You said that there was a hint, which to serve, I assume that hint was that if the subpoenas were issued, these charges would be made public.
Well, it was a case of whether or not it would finally come out into the open and reflect upon the whole committee.
And obviously, Mr. Chairman, I think it's on the at it. It has been stated here that on many occasions the subcommittee met when only the chairman was present, and I think that's correct.
And that assumes from the fact that I, along with other members of this committee, are members of other committees.
I know that Senator McCollum and Senator Munn were probably busy life nights, marching up an appropriation bill at a rather late hour.
And that was my first choice this morning, and consequently because of our other senatorial responsibility, we cannot always be on hand, and so many of these meetings take place when only the chairman and the staff of this.
So, one further question, Senator.
As you stated, we met in my office the following day.
I believe the only people present for you, Senator Potter, Senator Munn, to myself, no members.
I don't think that's correct.
No members of the staff, as I recall, I believe Mr. Carm, might have been there part of the thing, since the prior was there part of the time.
Now, that time did I relate to the subcommittee.
The tremendous pressure brought upon me to call off the hearings, the threats that they would issue a tragedy against Mr. Cohn, if it didn't.
Did I tell the other three members, and the strongest language, like it's possibly used, I believe.
If I was personally concerned, I would not be blackmailed out of any investigation by any threat that regard us a fall, embarrassing any charges might be that left them make some that I intended to proceed, unless I was also told by the members of my committee.
In other words, did I give the committee the complete story of the pressure that you use upon me to call off the hearings last time?
I think that's right, and while I cannot reconstruct the language, I know we discussed the whole capina issue with great length.
Now, Mr. Carm, may I make this suggestion?
This proceeding has got to be fair.
It was insistent that it be unopened hearing that everything be revealed, and I'm ready that I think Mr. Adams ought to have an opportunity to cross the Carm and me if he desires, with respect to the conversation.
That's a great thing that all Mr. Welch was not there. Mr. Adams was there. He made his degree, and in the interest of complete fairness, I'm perfectly willing if you want to look forward to that rise, Mr. Adams, may cross the count.
He's just saying that right now, and far from setting the country, if you can hold it your questions.
Just a one moment.
Just a one question regarding the conversation with Mr. Carm.
We recall, as some are let, might not be difficult recall, things occurred months ago.
We recall that the additional Mr. Carm, the guest number one that he,
tell us the reason I have a mission and I am here, I'm going to meet Mr. Smith and it's really in favour of it.
Which I think is the reason we're across when you were in a certain situation. He'd hold them up until you and I and the other members of the committee could get together.
Number one of number two.
You were told or led to believe by Mr. Adams. That if he did not kill the people.
That then there would be issues they report charging with Mr. Coln of Smith's conduct.
Is that roughly what you told Mr. Carichou or Paul?
With respect to number one may I say that I specifically asked Mr. Carichou if the subpoenas had not already been issued.
Not to issue them until the chairman returned to Washington.
The subpoenas had not actually been issued at that time and they were not.
And I just must follow through on that point.
That asked the discussion that following afternoon in your office that I took no further action and they had no further suggestions
with respect to the matter of the team.
With respect to the second part of your question I can only say that if there was no such hint that the story might go out with Mr. Carichou.
That at least I developed in my mind the belief and the feeling that the story might go out.
And that was based entirely on the conversation that had in my office the previous afternoon with Mr. Adams and with Mr. Marshall.
With the message of the record so does no.
Mr. Construction and my question I feel that everything Mr. Dr. Dirkton did here was completely normal to call me.
I call Mr. Carichou holding up of the subpoenas for a few days time.
The discussion of them just for the record I think for the public and the normal procedure.
Many times during the court investigation the record sounders call and say let's discuss this matter further before we bring in the subpoenas.
I don't make it clear that there was absolutely nothing in my mind even remotely in power about what's under direction.
We've been working with questions.
We have questions and I think I heard from my council.
Mr. Welk, have you heard?
I have a few very important questions.
And the direction it is of course is somewhat delicate matter for one in my modest will it isn't Mr. Welk?
You don't have to be restrained at all.
Thank you.
And for that there will be no asking questions that I ask you sir.
And if there were I was more.
My first question is a very simple one. I don't happen to know.
Are you allowed here sir?
Then I am sure that when the question of these subpoenas to the law of the board was presented to you,
you realize that that had in its constitutional implications that do not.
I'm not sure that I did because I have seen some of them under which were in human conclusions with respect to that question.
But there was in my mind a different time that they were going to be called for some other purposes besides the question of action that has been taken by members of the law of the panel.
You and I as lawyers both know that if they were to be called and questioned as to whether or not they had taken bribes to make a certain decision,
that land of questioning should be allowed to you not agree.
And on the contrary, I say were to be called and examined as to the reasons which caused them to reach a decision on the matter of the case.
That land of inquiry under our constitution would have been in offer.
I'm not so sure about that as to it well.
Mr. Gertz, in any of any of any scenario where it's which presents great question by that I have been treated.
In respect to which not everyone is in the grief, that's correct.
And it follows from the fact that you were not only a senator to the lawyer and with some knowledge of constitutional law, properly quite a sitting mind.
But you knew that question alone was a grave and agitating question.
I do indeed, Mr. Gertz.
Well, that question did not agitate me quite so much as the fact that it was coupled with a matter that had not been directed to my attention before.
That's right.
That's the controversy which is the answer to this here.
Now, that's the one to which I now wish to turn my attention.
The second thing that you heard in that hearing, in that interview was a summary title to the effect that Mr. Cohn had placed,
written remarkably, undue pressure on Mr. Adam.
What was that again?
You don't strike it out. I don't like my question too well.
In that interview, you also heard something to the effect of Mr. Adam that had been placed under cruel pressures by Mr. Cohn in respect to one David Chine.
Yes, I think it was a very considerable discussion about that.
And that was also a matter of agitation to you.
Oh, indeed, you knew, sir, that if that was true, it was so improper that Mr. Cohn's employment by the committee should not continue until sundown, didn't you?
Oh, I was so.
You answered well with your restate, Mr. Cohn.
If you read so easily, what are you going to do?
I thought the short question you repeated.
All right. You knew what was said about Cohn was true.
His continuation as an employee of this committee should not continue until sundown, didn't you?
Well, I indicated in the meeting that we had in the chairman's office that it was true.
And I have no way of knowing the truth or the philosophy of the minute.
That I thought Roy Cohn had how clear he is usefulness with the committee.
I may say for the public in the country right now that at the moment certainly I take that, what I said about that, and I shall be due with him my own mouth.
Well, in that case, I'm only saying that, sir, that if this charges of the cruel pressure on Mr. Adden, we're true.
You, sir, as the senator and as gentlemen, would have known Mr. Cohn's badger than the committee with that in him.
Well, Mr. Well, he had a crush to me that the cruel pressure is weren't discussed yet.
I recall the conversation we had that afternoon.
The thing that stuck in my mind mainly was not pressure, but rather the fact that here was an effort to secure the first Arnold L. E. Schepert to secure the third treatment for a fight.
Which certainly would look good on the front page and might have made every member of this committee if it could be established.
And that we might be, we might find ourselves charged with lectures and with neglect of duty that it hadn't come to our attention and that something hadn't been out about it before.
But that was the first time coupled with the subpoena matter that it was ever directed to my attention.
Now, that I fully understand, sir, and may I now ask you, Senator, how long you have lived in Washington?
I've been here nearly 20 years in the house and Senator, maybe longer.
And did it not occur to you, sir, that if there was a word of truth in what you were being told about the pressures that Cohn had put on Adam,
that that secret in this kind of a city would soon be out?
Well, I have an idea that on the basis of experience that some of us would leak and particularly, if you want to full answer, when newspaper men are called in,
and who were told about this a month before a member of the Senate ever discovers what the real allegation and the chronological charges are.
Because it's apparent from the testimony that Mr. Elsa knew about this at least 30 days before the junior senator from Illinois was ever advised about it, except in his office on the 22nd of January.
I'm not discussing that with you, sir. I am only asking you if it is not your experience based on 20 years in Washington.
The NFA man reaches the point where he comes to the office of the senator and recites the kind of pressures Mr. Adam recites it, that you know those that kind of thing is not going to remain a secret.
Well, I have to move question. I can't answer any further from this matter.
Not very much of the senator. You knew perfectly well this thing could not be kept bottled up any longer.
If it has got over your threshold and to gentlemen of standing we're telling us to you, but Mr. Elsa in all fairness to all of us.
And since certainly my conduct has been impugned on occasion, it has been a land that I've been spending over backwards the shield of the army,
and if you have any doubt about it, all you have to do is read through Pearson's column yesterday morning.
I am determined that the stories all ends of the record because the subpoena question and the matter of enlisting my services in order to stop them was coupled with a cone shine controversy.
And a subpoena is an indispensable weapon in the matter of investigation by a committee of dissent.
Thank you, Mr. Senator. Let us not be disturbed in the attacks and the praise you've had.
I have been given some wrongs throughout the two hours.
Even as mild mannered as ever was well kept in this from both sides I assure you.
And we can none of us escape.
But it was I want to ask this one time.
And this for the record the senator from Illinois has the confidential transcript that was issued yesterday morning with indicate that junior senator from Illinois did his best to stop and open here.
He didn't say that perhaps everything to be served by recommending to the army that they dispensed with the services of Mr. Adams and that the committees dispensed with the services of Mr. Cohn without prejudice.
I wanted to stop the reason for the motion that I brought in here this week was to ring down the curtain because I'm just as much interested to prevent the demoralization of the armed services and the development of dissidents and the businesses here.
Thank you.